docs: clarify Debian/Ubuntu requirement for custom template builds (fixes #1280) (#2488)
e2b-dev/infra: packages/orchestrator/README.md

- `ORCHESTRATOR_BASE_PATH` - Base orchestrator data (local: `{storage}/orchestrator`, prod: `/orchestrator`)
- `SNAPSHOT_CACHE_DIR` - Snapshot cache, ideally on NVMe (local: `{storage}/snapshot-cache`, prod: `/mnt/snapshot-cache`)
- `SANDBOX_DIR` - Sandbox working dir (default: `/fc-vm`)

## Limitations

> - Custom template builds require Debian/Ubuntu-based base images (images that provide the apt package manager). Non-Debian images such as Alpine, CentOS/RHEL, or other distributions without apt are not supported and will fail during the template build/provisioning process. See [docs/limitations.md](docs/limitations.md) for details and suggested PR wording.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Custom template builds require Debian/Ubuntu-based base images (images that provide the `apt` package manager). Non-Debian images such as Alpine, CentOS/RHEL, or other distributions without `apt` are not supported and will fail during the template build/provisioning process. The provisioning scripts used during template build call `apt` and expect Debian-specific package names and file locations.
```

Author: done.
